Terms & Conditions
Home
/
Terms And Conditions
TERMS & CONDITION
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Hare Krishna Movement's Website, located at https://guptvrindavandham.org/.

This website is operated by Hare Krishna Movement, Jaipur. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Hare Krishna Mandir, Jaipur or Hare Krishna Movement, Jaipur. Hare Krishna Movement, Jaipur offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.

By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.

Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.

Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.

Your continued usage of the site, shall be in acceptance to the terms that may be updated in future with retrospective effect. In case you do not agree to any terms your sole remedy is to stop using the website.

SECTION 1 – Copyright
This website is Copyright by Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur. All Rights Reserved. The Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur appreciates your feedback. Any information including suggestions, questions, comments, creative ideas, graphics or other materials submitted to the Temple shall be treated as non-confidential unless otherwise stated. You agree that you will not send any copyrighted information to us. Physical reprints of material from the site are permitted if you reference the URL for each original web page and the page title.

Website content is subject to change without notice and at the sole editorial discretion of Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur. Other websites may not copy pages or articles. Instead, please use a hyperlink to the original article on https://guptvrindavandham.org/. No artwork or images may be copied to another website without prior written permission. Websites wishing to link to this site may do so. However, we reserve the right to have any website remove a link to our site for any reason whatsoever.

Comments and inquiries should be made to info@guptvrindavandham.org

SECTION 2 – Personal Information
We respect your privacy when you visit our website. At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information unless you provide it to us voluntarily. To access the content of the website you need not register or provide your personal information.

However, we gather certain personally identifiable data under specific circumstances. We do not sell or trade such information collected to third parties. Also, we do not share such information with third parties unless authorized by the person submitting the information or when required by law.

SECTION 3 – Personal Data
We retain the personal information that we collect at the time of your online donation, as long as it is required for statutory or legal purposes.

We use your personal information only for the purposes for which it is meant. However, you can also opt to receive our communications related to our temple festivals, events, special offers and various other opportunities for volunteering in our temple, and we use your personal data for these communications.

SECTION 4 – ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.

SECTION 5 – GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us. The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.

SECTION 6 – ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk. This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.

SECTION 7 – MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

SECTION 8– PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited. We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.

SECTION 9 – ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.

SECTION 10 – OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools. Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.

SECTION 11 – THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties. We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party’s policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.

SECTION 12 – USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, ‘comments’), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us.

Please note that we are not obligated to (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.

You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website.

You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.

SECTION 13 - PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy.

SECTION 14 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES, AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally, our site or the Service may contain typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions related to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, shipping charges, transit times, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is found to be inaccurate at any time, without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).

We are not obligated to update, amend, or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date provided in the Service or on any related website should be taken to indicate that all information has been modified or updated.

SECTION 15 - PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions outlined in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content for the following purposes:

(a) Any unlawful purpose;

(b) Soliciting others to engage in unlawful acts;

(c) Violating any international, federal, provincial, state, or local regulations, rules, or laws;

(d) Infringing upon or violating our intellectual property rights or those of others;

(e) Harassing, abusing, insulting, harming, defaming, slandering, disparaging, intimidating, or discriminating based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability;

(f) Submitting false or misleading information;

(g) Uploading or transmitting viruses or any other malicious code that may affect the functionality or operation of the Service, related websites, or the Internet;

(h) Collecting or tracking personal information of others;

(i) Engaging in spamming, phishing, pharming, pretexting, spidering, crawling, or scraping;

(j) Pursuing any obscene or immoral purpose;

(k) Interfering with or circumventing the security features of the Service, related websites, or the Internet.

We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.

 

SECTION 16 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable. You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk.

The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.

Under no circumstances shall the International Society of Krishna Consciousness, along with our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers, or licensors, be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, or replacement costs, arising from your use of the service or any products procured through it. This applies regardless of the basis for the claim, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or otherwise, and includes any errors or omissions in content or any loss or damage incurred as a result of using the service or any content posted or transmitted via the service, even if we were advised of the possibility of such damages.

In jurisdictions that do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, our liability will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

SECTION 17 - INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless International Society of Krishna Consciousness and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.

SECTION 18 - SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.

SECTION 19 - TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes. These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site. If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).

SECTION 20 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.

SECTION 21 - GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and jurisdiction of Jaipur, Rajasthan

SECTION 22 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.

SECTION 23 - CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions, comments and concerns about this Terms of Service, you may contact us at:

Hare Krishna Mandir, C-6, Hare Krishna Marg,Jagatpura,Jaipur 302017,Rajasthan, India.
Phone: +91-97-99999881
Email: info@guptvrindavandham.org
https://guptvrindavandham.org/mandir/contact-us/
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at info@guptvrindavandham.org.

REFUND / CANCELLATION POLICY
Transactions which are successfully debited by the payment gateway but not confirmed back to Hare Krishna Movement, Jaipur System will be deemed to be a failure transaction. All such transactions are eligible for refund post reconciliation. Such transactions will be refunded in 10-15 working days.

All donations are final. Cancellation is not allowed.

All comments & inquiries should be discussed at info@guptvrindavandham.org.

Disclaimer
Thank you for visiting "guptvrindavandham.org",a website of Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur, India. By viewing this website (the “Site”), you are agreeing to the terms and conditions specified in this disclaimer and the copyright notice and privacy policy, which are set out below (the “Terms and Conditions”). The Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur, India may update the Terms and Conditions at any time without notice to you. Please review the Terms and Conditions from time to time, as your continued use of the Site means you accept any changes. Upon acceptance of the Terms and Conditions, permission is granted for you to view, copy, print or download material on this site. You may not modify, license, transfer or sell any information obtained from this website. Any use of information from this website must credit Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur, India.

We inform you that "guptvrindavandham.org" website is for informational purposes only and its content is subject to change without notice. The inclusion of information regarding a product or service on this website does not imply endorsement of it by Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur. Links to websites are provided solely for the convenience of users. The Linked Sites are not under the control of Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur and the Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site including, without limitation, any link contained in a Linked Site or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. The Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur does not offer any guarantee in that regard and is not responsible for the information found through these links, nor does it endorse the sites and their contents. In no event shall Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur, its members and suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or delay or inability to use its web site or Linked Sites, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, products or services obtained through the site or Linked Sites or otherwise arising out of the use of the site or Linked Sites whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if the Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur, its members and suppliers have been advised of the possibility of damages.

If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the site or with any of these terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the site. While Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur follows specific procedures to ensure the accuracy and reliability of its website content, your use of it is at your sole risk. Hare Krishna Movement Jaipur does not assume any liability deemed to have been caused directly or indirectly by any content or use of a tool on its website. You agree to abide by these Terms and Conditions, and also to comply with all local rules, regulations and laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content.